But I just moved in.
I upset grandma.
How can I live here in the future?
Oops ok ok
This is not important.
What are you doing?
hum
Ah Omori
Hahaha, oops, it's alright.
Grandma just said
He's just going out for a few days
Yes, Aunt Chu Chu
According to the personality of the old lady
If he doesn't like it, he'll say it directly
Go out and live for a while now
I want you to get used to it.
Who do you think you are?
Are you teasing grandma more than your junior year?
Well, I think what Secretary Wanqing said is right
That's what grandma meant
Omori, I miss my mom
Or you go back to live first
That's not what I mean, Omori
I live here alone with no one to take care of me
I think my mom can come and take care of me
Hmph, Omori, that's not what I mean
OK.
Let mom live in
Haha, I knew you were the best.